1 angular 13 and 14 features

  Angular 14 :
  1)Angular CLI Auto-Completion
   CLI enables real-time type ahead auto-completion in the terminal.

  2) Strictly Typed Forms
   Strictly typed forms are Angular's most requested feature request on GitHub,
    and they will improve Angular's model-driven approach to working with forms.

  3)Angular DevTools
  In offline mode, you can use the Angular DevTools debugging plugin.

  4)Enhanced Template Diagnostics
  The latest version of Angular 14 comes with better template diagnostics, allowing Angular developers to be
  protected from common errors by the compiler, similar to how TypeScript code is protected.


     1.Workspace : collection of projects
                  command : ng new myworkspace

     2.Project   : collection of librabries

     3.libary    : A library is a collection of components, services, directives etc. that can be shared across different Angular projects.
                 You generate a new library just like you would a component, service or anything else:
                 command : ng g library mylibrary



    1 Dependencies: In package.json file, there is an object called dependencies and 
                    it consists of all the packages that are used in the project with its version number. 

    2 Dev Dependencies: In package.json file, there is an object called as dev Dependencies and it consists 
                        of all the packages that are used in the project in its development phase and not in 
                        the production or testing environment with its version number.

    3 Peer Dependencies: In package.json file, there is an object called as peerDependencies and it consists 
                         of all the packages that are exactly required in the project or to the person who is 
                         downloading and the version numbers should also be the same.




        syntax(major minor patch)
           major :brecking change
           patch :bug fixes
           minor :backword compatible new functionality

     1  version "14.0.0"   : major   Must match version exactly

     2  version "^14.0.0"  : caret (^> accept new minor and patch versions

                             ^version “Compatible with version”, will update you to all future minor/patch versions,
                             without incrementing the major version. ^2.3.4

     3  version"~14.0.0"   : tild (~) only accept new patch versions

                            ~version “Approximately equivalent to version”, will update you to all future patch versions,
                            without incrementing the minor version. ~1.2.3 will use releases from 1.2.3 to


                               
H.w. 09-09-2022

1. what is a Pure function.
   In simple terms, pure functions do not have an internal state. Therefore, all operations performed in pure functions are not affected by their state. As a result, the same
   input parameters will give the same deterministic output regardless of how many times you run the function.

  ex. function add(a,b) { 
      return a + b
     }
     console.log(add(4,5))
  =>Advantages of pure functions
   .A pure function works as an independent function that gives the same output for the same inputs.
   .Pure functions are readable because of independent behavior. Moreover, they are straightforward to debug.
   .You can clone an external state into a pure function, but it does not change the purity of the function.
   
   what is Impure function
   An impure function is a function that contains one or more side effects. It mutates data outside of its lexical scope and does not predictably produce the same output for 
   the same input.

  ex. var addNew = 0;
     function add(a,b){ 
     addNew =1; 
     return a + b + addNew
     }
     console.log(add(4,5))
 =>Advantages of Impure functions
   .Impure functions can use an in-place solution to reduce the space complexity.
   .In impure functions, the state can be modified to use the parent variable and call for the function compiling.

  Pure functions vs. impure functions
  .Pure functions do not have side effects. Impure functions can cause side effects.
  .Pure functions return the same output if we use the same input parameters. However, impure functions give different outcomes when we pass the same arguments multiple times.
  .Pure functions always return some results. Impure functions can execute without producing anything.

